today we are going to be doing dumb
debates my body my rights I don't give a
freak right now
okay let me kiss you on the mouth okay
then what does F1 have to do with the
Olympics calm down calm down calm
down calm down we have prepared slides
to debate on I am paired up with Miss
pppa right here here and then Mari and
kers are the other
team so I'm doing this on the side of I
do think hot dog is a sandwich so first
when it comes to the structure of a hot
dog I made you guys a diagram of the
anatomy of a hot dog first we have the
toppings then we have the dog and then
we have dog the bun and I think that the
topping and the sausage isn't
necessarily what people complain about
when it comes to structure but rather
the bun because it's not two slices of
bread did you attach jar from Subway
yeah because didn't I I don't really
understand why people don't believe a
hot dog is a sandwich but a Subway
sandwich is a sandwich that gu in jail
because the bread is on top what do you
mean yeah the no but the bread is split
in half like the bun it's split in half
but the bread is on top slies what the
it's not two SLI two slices of a sub
turn your hot dog upside down let me
know what happens if you turn your
sandwich upside down all of the toppings
are going to fall off if you're holding
sandwich on both ends it's fine but if
you're holding a hot dog on both ends
it's going to fall out this argument
sucks the bread is on top for sandwich
that's why hot dog not sandwich you
should let her finish cooking the hot
dog I'm going to destroy everything
you've built up so far unlike Thanos you
understand imagine this they serve you a
hot dog but when you get it they snap
the two bottom Parts in half and they
just hand you a ver a hor horizontal hot
dog I disagree with that and I think
that comes from a place of you being
completely incompetent and not able to
eat a hot dog have you never losted a
hot dog cuz it's split in half like
you're eating it have you guys never
eaten like French hamburger buns or
Kaiser rolls they are also connected
like hot dog buns and you have French
burger bun bro these things look mid
freak that what they're so good you're
mid fillian yeah looks like someone
effing grabbed a bun just to the effing
middle of it for no reason you never had
fried chicken in your life nerd you put
this Fried Chicken on the kisero you
freaking you to choke a bone if you do
that what no you I eat boneless chicken
cuz I'm you don't eat fried chicken
anymore I just chicken nuggets yeah
that's not even real chicken
respectful you might as well eat [__]
sausage at that point that's not real
chicken you might as well you might eat
McDonald's well you want to know why
they call a peanut butter jelly sandwich
a sandwich and a hot dog not a sandwich
is Bread's on top because it's that
doesn't even cuz the bread is on top you
have no reputation for the sandwich is
not a
sand you guys can't even talk at me
without yelling over each other you're
sandwich is parking horizontally it
ain't a
sandwich do is a
sandwich on the next like cow Zone shut
up the next why is thisy this really
cool image of phatu balling can you
please click balone is just a big po dog
okay he's giving you an endorsement
that's so not fair uh what do we do pppa
do not concede the argument is stupid
she has not refuted the fact that the
bread is sideways and th making it not a
sandwich doesn't even make any sense cuz
the bread is sandwich in a sub too yeah
but also the the you eat says that it
could be a split bun
it doesn't matter that it's a spit butt
it matters that the butt is on the side
I think the bigger question is would you
want your your hot dog circumcised or
uncircumcised what what the freak I cut
the ends off of my hot dogs and my
sausages because they're gross they have
like the the little the little extra
skin and like the butt wrinkles they're
gross you don't like wrinkles You Hate
Old People well I'm not eating the old
people Obama she hates you no I love
Obama you make the Obama
no okay OB so we are going to have a
chat poll vote who here has convinced
the side Pippa are you with me on this
one no course she's with you she's your
partner
she I'm making sure very losing oh my
god did we actually lose that one you
guys lost lose next
debate this was a game that was
officially in the Olympics this was the
Olympics Esports that they did it was it
was Olympic esport archery and it was
complete dog it was a
mobilea and it barely worked you're not
helping the argument no no no no no no
no no listen listen I got I got to
explain you're
Nota you're not betray you where they
went wrong so if they did Esports and
the Olympics they could blend like new
games and old games it would make me
actually watch the Olympics see here's
the problem with the Olympics all right
people who don't care about regular
Sports we don't care about the Olympics
other than the memes that come out of it
true next slide why are you you why did
you write disabled gamer with an arrow
pointing to
yourself how does it feel to sell your
own
self I'll start by saying I don't think
that it's a good idea that I I don't
think you think that's my Counterpoint
what unironically I feel like the
Olympics would be better in North Korea
than where they're hosted like in
regular
countries what what do you mean by
thatty to extrapolate you're
not shut up the Olympics aren't going to
allow cute girls either like we
literally just got rid of grid girls
you're not you're not what is grid girls
grid girls were the beautiful women that
would walk around the racetrack during
races they got what does F1 have to do
with the Olympics because I'm saying
they're already getting rid of sexy
women in other sports Olympics aren't
going to allow them what do you mean who
what
thep to war yeah who is they who is this
giant entity think of people running F1
of [__] races are the people hosting
the Olympics I'm just saying they're not
going to allow cute girls so that that's
already what do you vibrator I'm playing
a warhorn so that's what you call it huh
a warhorn here K you have no real
argument and that's why you have to
that's why you have to go to other
subjects to try try and argument no you
guys are trying to be like all of these
things would be nice to have I don't to
cop you're like you're like talking
about [__] we're like talking about Hot
Wheels and you're like um but Legos I'm
talking about another sport Legos suck
Hot Wheels are cool they don't even have
F1 in the Olympics what to do with each
other they they have to do with each
other other because they're both sports
related I like brought boo girls but
that would that would have been less
related you
know bra is so cooked not every sport is
the same Mari I have a question for you
guys Faker from League of Legends the
greatest to ever do it are you going to
look at that man and not call him an
athlete absolutely not no he can press a
million buttons really fast I want to
see a ski shooter do that ew there's
another argument here okay Street
Fighter is a about real life fighting
they have UFC but UFC causes brain
damage so why do brain damage when you
can just do a video game it is the
future you're taking away people's
livelihoods yeah well you're talking on
the internet for money so it doesn't
make you any better you're not listening
to anything that we said no that's
literally what I'm not willing to sit
here and break
down not willing to listen to another
because you're scared to engage we're
not winning fillian oh they swap the
order oh oh we're the
freak P do
something if you vot know you're a bunch
of homosexuals who don't want to see
cute girls in the
Olympics so I think video games are the
superior form of Storytelling I inferi
life form you're an inferior life form
I'm lit perfect cell you're like fre
I'm going to get you I'm going to get
you I'm
going when you're playing a video game
you're allowed to have impact on the
story instead of just being there and
watching something and having to be at
the whims of the director and whatever
he wanted to submit you to you can make
choices that have different changes in
the video game there are even some games
that have so many choices it would take
you hundreds of hours to see everything
that happens what are you doing Mario's
invading our space mom mar Mario stop
tou stop tou yeah I'm scared I'm small
and scared movie CGI looks like man
every time they try to make like
Monsters or hybrids or like something
like Sonic in a movie they always get it
incredibly wrong it looks really out of
place it looks Jones original parts of
the Caribbean Sonic that version of
Sonic was that was the original that was
the original one that was that
they had to recreate that's like that's
like taking the beta version of a game
and being like oh man this sucks and
ignoring the final product how can you
compare not ignoring the final product
it's saying these people thought that
this was good enough to put out in
trailers they would have changed it if
there wasn't as much backlash over it
and I'm glad that there was backlash
over the same thing with video games CH
the same argument yeah it's the same
thing with video games you can you can
compare example then
my body my rights I don't give a freak
right now
okay now listen your opinions are bad
and you should feel bad okay also and
the one in the top right they literally
ran out of time to make the movie so
once again you're saying that movies are
bad because they were bad about their
time investment and so they did a [__]
job The Scorpion King was a bad movie I
think it had bad make up for 5 minutes
and see how good that comes out quick
the slide fillian more random Gifts of
random CGI this isn't CGI these are
video games fillian do you know what a
video game looks like that it's computer
Graphics CGI yeah what do you what do
you think CGI means call the K black
it's computer generated imagery Kira you
might not know bad in movies so good in
video games explain you think the top
right looks why it looks better because
spoiler warning they both look Chad you
think it was a good idea to fill
mentally ill women on my stream
anyways when you make fantasy and
outlandish things they look better in
video games because for some reason the
modeling and the lighting is always
better on these things in video games
than they are in movies can you imagine
something like Blitz ball in a movie
where they're all underwater throwing
balls that thing yeah Blitz your balls
come over there let me kiss you on the
mouth okay then she's
gay I would just like to point out that
you thought that Jurassic Park had no
CGI in it which is just already telling
of your of your understanding they built
they built chunal dinosaurs for Jurassic
part yes they did but they also used CGI
dinosaurs this is why the games industry
is dying because people are like it
doesn't look pretty enough good
story calm down calm down calm down down
calm
down C does not equal storytelling okay
we're moving on as a part of the
immersion you can actually play games
with friends part of the imersion you
can have your friends come and be a part
of the story with you if you're watching
a movie your friends and your hands
aren't busy so your friends could be
doing stuff behind your back maybe your
girlfriend be
doing maybe your girlfriend's holding
hands with another friend behind your
back because she's bored with the movie
she's just like I want to go I want to
go play video games with this bigot Chad
you're torturing me with with this
horrible movie Yes K yes
yes pulls up please okay guys guys guys
guys movies are you kidding me what is
the point of movies besides storytelling
is there any you want to be a part of
the action you want to live the story
man you don't want to get cucked by
living someone else's story okay okay
okay there's no point in arguing anymore
both of your guys' arguments make you
look bad chat is just voting based on
what they think I can almost assure it
no they're just voting based off what
makes me lose this is so not fair
there's a way you can swim this around
for you guys still oh by not
being losers we have to create content
yeah we're going to beat you no what am
I say I not have NPC from Team Rocket
prepare for trouble and make it double
fillian Peppa better now or prepare to
have a
right right yeah that's a cck
what do you guys really think that it's
better to shower in the morning than it
is to shower at night you should shower
both what showering twice a day would be
terrible have you ever taken a shower in
the morning Mary who's Mary have you
ever taken a shower in the morning my
name right if you're going toess okay
Maria freak you now have you ever Tak a
shower in the morning yeah but I don't
prefer it it's a blank slide look again
[Music]
it's [__] icky to shower in the
morning and then get in bed after you
went through your entire day sweating
and pissing and touching [__] it's icky
click again yeah but if you're going to
lie in bed for 8 hours swe under the car
get out of bed in the morning click and
do my
slide that's your [__]
bed what the is that you take all of the
filth you collect it throughout the day
you don't wash it off you get in your
bed you roll around in your bed and you
dirty your sheets and Mattress click
again that's why you wash them click
again is that me oh my God was mattress
o husband you don't care about my health
you're appealing to nerves on the
internet shower at night for her you're
saying oh no my poor effing mattress
when if you walk around covered in Gunk
the entire day instead of showering in
the effing morning cuz when you're
sleeping you're spending 8 hours just
sweating and getting stinky and farting
on your fing sheets you wake up in my
sleep you'll be farting under the covers
you wake up covered and fart and you
just walk around the whole day how much
are you farting to w why would you not
just shower in the morning and just
sacrifice your mattresses life be
to be clean for the rest of your life
you only use mattress and arguments so
I'm counteracting your mattresses the
correct decision is to shower for other
people's sake so you don't stink so
maybe you don't notice that you smell
bad all right but other people you know
yeah but not all of us apparently
marinate under the sheets in an oven of
farts like fillian so we're not going to
wake
up it didn't sound itical bro like you g
freaking not just like saying like
that's what happens if you're like
under billian I never want to be on your
team ever again no wait for wait for
wait for wait for it no no wait for it
wait for it wait for it's not fair cuz
they going to argument they just vote
against me every time maybe it's cuz you
have a loud
[Music]
mouth Frick
Pippa yes it's 0 to four it's cuz I'm on
your team never be on my team ever
[__] again we're going to win a
single round we're going to take that
fing smirk off that nerd's face over
there and you think they're so cool cuz
they got blue eyes we got purple eyes
highy racist doesn't matter who a nerd
anyway so like P like you and me dude we
in this together okay you with me on
this
one the next one I think is probably me
I'm going to clut this
up all right you're not allowed to vote
today that's not fair I am a fish I just
don't going to say in this Mar how about
this then once last time you drink water
literally I can't even remember for
breakfast I had a monster oh my God okay
now I know my chat just calls me a nerd
all the time so I'm suming myself out
for Yap dollar wait you can't do that
that's not fair I'm literally I'm okay
Yap dollar is going to give my
presentation to okay I call
shenanigan you literally said hat to
name muu on a bed that's definitely
weird I'm too old for whatever that's my
wife to answer your question we must
answer a different question for humans
what is the ideal partner what do you
guys see here Yap dollar Yap dollar is
down there is that the guy from sh I
don't know I just you know okay so we
have what is this what do you see right
here that's King from Catching it back
yes yes good good and if you're straight
you say this guy is hot right I mean I
guess I don't agree with that statement
and if you're gay you say this girl is
hot right she's cute I like thank you
these are the ideal partners for the
male and female gender all right does
that make sense yes it's true okay if
you're a for Channer this is your ideal
but that being
said do fish get thirsty I'll present to
you my evidence right
now done you know what I want you to
know something I have a wife her name is
hatun Miku I'm not thirsty I respect the
out of her then what is she doing in
your bed she needs a nice warm place to
sleep her she's not even naked on either
side think the best body pillows are the
ones where it's safe for work on one
side and not safe for work on the other
side okay then maybe we should be asking
do rabbits get through Ste no what but
you literally just PIV no no PIV if it's
for the sake of the argument yes thank
you of course yes yes yes Chad Chad it
just it just happens it just happens it
happens it happens so any any counter
argument from the peanut gallery why are
we the peanut gallery we're your
opponents how would you attack the
argument and not my statement yeah
exactly man you see this seems wrong I
don't know why you guys aren't just
asking me what I think cuz I'm the fish
and compared to all of fish kind I'm
literally a princess of fish I have to
speak on the you're a sub appointed
princess and you're on a throne of lies
in sand I think you guys should just let
chat decide we're do it we're doing it
we're do
it you pull you're doing
it take a
screenshot [__] win
yeah I got to put some celebratory music
I don't know what I got Sor that
everyone denies your existence
marii it's okay I'm used to it
especially around Pippa oh my God always
with the vicom complex all
right pipa bring this one home for the
team okay 3 2 1
begin all
right was this the only slide yeah
Millennial slang is way cringier than
jenz slang I rest my case I'm not going
to argue with you I feel like you guys
deserve to win one more because if you
don't I think that you're going to be a
big about it
so she's throwing it's not fun anymore
fight
back fight back this Mar marcore Ian has
a point I think you guys we do back all
right also we all we already won so you
guys you deserve well oh my God you are
just trying to rub it in are we
losing I don't understand
is literal JY Chatters are like actually
jzy slang is worse than Millennial slang
but I will continue to use jenzy slang
you
know we have lost bro yay